[Music]
I'm priming my I first with motives I
base I'm rubbing it all over my eyelid
into my crease and I have concealer
underneath my eyebrow already so I'm not
gonna go that high and then I'm going to
place a small piece of tape in the outer
corner of my eyes lend it up towards my
temple and this is going to help with
cleanup and it's also going to give me a
sharp edge when I play shadow in that
area now I'm going to use vinyl by
motives in my outer V area with forest
dome brush I'm going right over the tape
to give me that sharp edge I was talking
about right under my crease and in
towards the center of my eye and I'm
going to blend that color out with buck
and neck it from Urban Decay's first
Naked palette since I'm using a gold
glitter I chose this antique gold color
by motives to place underneath the
glitter in case there's any glitter
fallout you're going to see this color
instead of my skin and I'm placing it
all over my lid underneath my crease and
blending it into the vinyl shade by
switching brushes that I used to apply
the vinyl and the gold just patting on
the transition area so that it's nice
and smooth and then I'm going to place a
little bit of Motorz glitter adhesive on
the back of my hand tap my flat brush
into the adhesive and into the glitter
which is called sugar cane by eye candy
cosmetics and I'm placing the glitter
right over the gold shadow now I'm going
in with motives angle liner brush to
define my crease a little bit more I'm
just dipping it into the vinyl color
that I used on my outer V and outlining
where my eyelid meets my crease and
blending it out with a fluffy brush and
that I'm also going to blend it out a
little bit with that
naked color that I use underneath my
brow and then I'm going to remove my
tape so you can see that sharp line that
I was talking about and if you have any
glitter fallout just use a piece of tape
tap it to remove some of the stickiness
and place it over any areas where
there's glitter fallout on your face and
clean anything else up with your
foundation and after that I'm just
highlighting and contouring the other
side of my face I can go into detail
with that in another video but I just
use Mac's Pro Longwear concealer has
been I've been in a powder to highlight
and I consort with motives color
perfection quad and dark
[Music]
from my lashline i'm going back in with
that antique gold color that i used to
my lid and I'm using motives detailing
brush to place it on my inner lash line
towards the center and then I'm going to
use vinyl and outer corner of the lash
line I always use motives a little black
dress gel liner and Max 210 liner brush
for my wing tip liner I'm just following
that sharp line I created with the tape
to wing out my liner and I had to go
over this section of my eye a little bit
because I went too far down with the
glitter but the brush is really small
thin so it still is easy to achieve a
straight line and then on my waterline
I'm using a Nastasia Beverly Hills
closet waterproof liner and gilded it's
brown and has tiny specks of glitter so
it looks really natural I use Frankie
rose slush lengthening mascara to apply
to my top lashes I really don't need it
because my eyelashes are really curly
but it gets some of the eyeshadow
fallout off my life and then I let the
glue get a little tacky and I lower the
lash band on the center of my eye right
on top of my lash line the outer corner
and then the inner corner with a pair of
tweezers and once it's in place I apply
another coat of mascara to my top lashes
and bottom lashes
[Music]
I'm going back over my highlighted areas
with Mac's mineralize skinfinish and
dark I use this in place of a
translucent powder most of the time
because it's very very light but it has
a little bit of color to it and looks
great over my highlighting areas and
sometimes I even wear it by itself
without foundation now I'm lining my
lips with NYX Cosmetics cappuccino lip
liner since I'm using a new lipstick I
like to go in with the darker Brown
pencil
I just think it looks better with the
size of my lips it's like not too light
not too dark and it pairs really really
nicely with this motives lipstick caught
naked it's a shimmery nude color but
it's not consumer II so it looks really
natural and it pairs great with the
cappuccino liner last but not least I am
setting my makeup with motives 10 years
younger setting spray this hydrates my
skin it makes me feel refreshed and it
holds my makeup on all day voila
thank you for watching and if you
enjoyed please like comment and
subscribe and if you haven't requests
for the future just leave them in the
comment section
[Music]